+++
title = "Info for parents"
+++

## Please Be On Time

Please do your best to be on time for practices and games. If you
arrive on time for practice and the coach is running late, help get
the kids started with warm ups and playing with the ball.  This sets a
great example for the kids about starting and being on time as well as
keep things moving and the kids will not get bored. If you're going to
be late or miss a practice or game, please let your coach know so they
can make adjustments as needed.
 
## No Jewelry

No jewelry of any kind may be worn during practice or games. Taping
over jewelry, such as earrings, is no longer allowed.  This is to
protect your child as well as others on the field.  

## No Pets 

No pets, including those on a leash, are allowed on the fields at Sahm
Park. Please leave your pets home on practice nights and game days.
 
## Abuse of Referees

North Side Soccer has a strict, no abuse policy with regard to
referees. Bad calls are a part of the game, but these were nothing
compared to the embarrassing spectacles that occur when well meaning
parents forget this is a recreational league.  Most of our referees
will also be kids.  I'm sure no parent would want their youngster
verbally attacked.  Please keep that in mind when the ref misses a
call.
 
## Volunteer Duty

Every parent is responsible to volunteer in some way to help keep our
league alive.  Consider helping out on game days with field setup or
volunteer for a shift at the concession stand.  We also need Spanish
and ASL interpreters, game day hosts and people to help with the
picnic committee or being a face painter.  We are always looking for
coaches and board members, so please [contact us] if you can help in any
way.  If you have a special talent that you think might benefit the
league, please let us know.

## Pictures

Per the registratoin agreement, pictures may be taken of child and/or
parent participation, and such pictures may be used by the league for
marketing and promotion of the league.

[contact us]: /contact/
